fancy_echo "Installing Alfred, the convenient application launcher and keyboard powerhouse ..."
  brew cask install alfred
  brew cask alfred link

fancy_echo "Installing Google Chrome, for all those glorious web dev tools ..."
  brew cask install google-chrome

fancy_echo "Installing Firefox, yeah, its still useful ..."
  brew cask install firefox

fancy_echo "Installing Iterm2, the better Terminal for OSX ..."
  brew cask install iterm2

fancy_echo "Installing IntelliJ Community Edition, for all your java and scala development needs ..."
  brew cask install intellij-idea-community

fancy_echo "Installing AppCleaner, the right way to delete apps from OSX ..."
  brew cask install appcleaner

fancy_echo "Installing Caffeine, a jolt to keep your computer from going to sleep ..."
  brew cask install caffeine

fancy_echo "Installing Cyberduck, an excellent ftp, sftp, s3 file transfer tool ..."
  brew cask install cyberduck

fancy_echo "Installing Diffmerge, pairs nicely as the git difftool and mergetool ..."
  brew cask install diffmerge

fancy_echo "Installing Google Hangouts, a good video chat option ..."
  brew cask install google-hangouts

fancy_echo "Installing PgAdmin3, for managing Postgres DBs ..."
  brew cask install pgadmin3

fancy_echo "Installing Postgres App, a convenient self-contained postgres instance ..."
  brew cask install postgres-app

fancy_echo "Installing Skype, because unfortunately too many people use it not to ..."
  brew cask install skype

fancy_echo "Installing Sublime Text 2, a soup-du-jour editor ..."
  brew cask install sublime-text

fancy_echo "Installing Viscosity, an impressive OpenVPN client ..."
  brew cask install viscosity

fancy_echo "Installing Virtualbox, default vm provider for Vagrant ..."
  brew cask install virtualbox

fancy_echo "Installing Vagrant, self-contained virtual development environment management ..."
  brew cask install vagrant

fancy_echo "Installing VLC, for all those coding screencasts ..."
  brew cask install vlc

